In order to run the .jar file you need to use a command program such as Windows CMD.exe tool.
Use CMD to get into the folder of the .jar file and run the command: "java -jar Workshop_3_English.jar" or the command:  "java -jar Workshop_3_Swedish.jar".
Alternative you can simply run the .bat file Workshop_2_English.bat or the .bat file Workshop_3_Swedish.bat which directly starts the .jar file.



This works on Windows as long as both files are located within the same folder.
It is not tested on other systems such as Apple or Linux.
Most likely it will not work directly, and would require some adjustments.
I can not offer any help for any systems other than Windows. Please consult google.com.


---------------------------------
--- Installation Requirements ---
---------------------------------

Java Development Kit (JDK), version 8 (7 is not guaranteed to work).
JDK8 (version 1.8.0_20) was used for development for the exercise.
Any version of JDK8 will most likely work.

Java Runtine Environment (JRE), version 8 (7 is not guaranteed to work).
JRE8 (version 1.8.0_20) was used for development for the exercise.
Any version of JRE8 will most likely work.
Installing JDK8 will also install JRE8.

Java Development Environment Tool (only required when running the program directly from the .java files)
NetBeans 8.0.1 was used for development for the exercise.
Most versions of NetBeans most likely work, try using the latest version.
Alternative can Eclipse be used, try using the latest version.
You will be required to import the .java filer into a project, compile and then execute it.

A computer with a operation system such as Windows.
Windows XP or higher (Vista, 7, 8, 8.1) is recommended to use.
Windows 8.1. was used for development for the exercise.
Your computer only needs to be able to run smoothly inside desktop environment.
The program will most likely not make any impact at all on your computer preformance.
No specs are given required to run the program, as the required specs are extremly low.

A keyboard is required for giving input in the text based interface of the program.